So I just wanna rather than going Miss Marketing and Miss this and Miss that wanted to know your names again. Okay, right, welcome to meeting. this is gonna go a lot better than the last meeting, basically,. 'cause I know what I'm supposed to be doing now. and, yeah, I'm just here to. sort of liaise between the three of you. and get things going, get people talking. and and I'm gonna be making notes and sending them off to the powers that be and stuff basically. what this meeting is all about is I'm gonna have some presentations from all three of you,. We'll we'll talk about what we actually need as a final coming together of it all. This meeting it's not very long. It's probably down to about thirty five minutes now. So I want each of your presentations to not be too long, five five minutes, something like that. if you haven't done a PowerPoint thingy, it doesn't matter,
I'm gonna draw it on the board then. So the idea is that we've got the. So I think maybe two batteries,. then on the remote control itself will have the sender for the signal,. which could be an infra-red signal,. which will be sent by an electronic chip.
Is a battery like the only way of. No 'cause like cha 'cause always changing batteries can get like annoying.
Swi I th I th I think changing your batteries once every six months is not really a pain, but
As far as the infra-red signal, do we have control over, you know, how far away you can be from the receiving unit, the the TV, and still have it be operational?
It's never gonna be more than it's never gonna be, you kno unless you've got a TV the size of a football pitch, it's not doesn't have to go that far,. Doesn't have to go through a wall, because you're not gonna be looking through a wall.
Well, we can make the the signal strong enough to go through walls if if you fancy it.
How about Bluetooth?
Yeah, yeah I it sounds like you you don't wanna overcomplicate things.
Yeah, and basically, as far as methods, I was I was looking looking at looking at already existing remotes, trying to find some inspiration from designs that are already out there. I mean people want a remote that's familiar, that has their favourite functionalities and and does the basics, but. so things that seem like absolute must-haves would be a volume control,. channel keys up-down,. but then also a numerical key pad so that they can just key directly to the channel that they want, rather than doing up-down,. And so in the research that I was doing there's basically two types of remotes,. ones that are engineering centred and ones that are more user centred,. judging from what what we all talked about during our last meeting I kind of gathered that that's what we were going after,. So, the engineering centred ones provide a lot of functionality,. so the user centred ones just focus on ease of use.
Have you found that anyone else has do has looked into the locking function or
No that that that seemed like a novel idea as as far as I know. what do you guys have a a yea or nay on that a feeling about whether that's really necessary?
I would say it's If it's simple to do,. I've had word down from head office that something that we should be centred well, something we should take into account is we've gotta keep the corporate image within this remote control unit. It's gotta look like it's in the and.
And what I didn't mention yet really is is the sort of like the ergonomic design. everything is going ergonomic, you know,. and that could be one of our niches sort of in the market, I guess..
Well, for our marketing report we observed remote control users in a usability lab,. So seventy five per cent of users find the remote control ugly. eighty eighty per cent of them would spend more money if the rem remote control looked really cool and fancy. current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user. I was thinking something easy to use, especially for older people. has to look really cool, flashy groovy for people to buy it. and also we asked them whether they wanted whether they'd be interested in voice activating. but the younger generation who we are catering for, like who have most of the money nowadays, do want a voice act speech recognition in a remote.
It's older generation, they're the ones that have gone out and. most people that have the money are people from the age of thirty five to fifty five,
What about just from the the prospective of our manufacturing cost?
Voice activation might not be the best.
I would say scra I'd say scrap that straight off.
Also with with buttons, a thing called RSI,
We should probably consult with our legal department.
I'll see if I can get see if I can get hold of them for the next meeting.
I think we can do some really in in that department, the the ergonomic department, we can make some some really good improvements.
We've decided that it's gonna be, you know, we're going for a basic television remote. I think, we should just go with the simplest option on everything,. and that would be infra-red,. energy source, that would be batteries. mean we we can look into using the, you know, the little tiny weeny batteries, all like special long-lasting batteries.. oh have you guys found out if we can if we can e-mail stuff to each other? Can you all e-mail me your e-mail addresses?
So are we headed towards like a a big yellow and black remote as far as
I I kind of thought it was blue writing on a yellow background,
Well, it's like white on i white and blue on a black background with white with yellow borders.
Can't we have different colours in the remotes,
And this is something that came on down from from the higher ups,. so, I mean, we are sort of beholden to them.
So we have to have it one colour.
Not one colour, but the pattern needs to be recognisable.
But you have to look at the product and instantly know that it's one of our products. so maybe, so you can have a look at our our other products and see if they all follow a similar vein, perhaps.
But it could come in different colours and have the RR colours just somewhere
And, I think we stop for lunch now.